You are really Shen Yunchen
I told you.
I'm talking about hands.
Third Master Shen rarely appears in front of people
Will my relatives really come this time?
It seems that the Shen family really wants to take Chenxi
Yes, there is dawn
It will definitely support many top superstars
Haochen Shen Yan is really the head of the Shen family
Then your economic cooperation with the Shen family
Third Master Third Master
I was wrong because I look down on people
I was blind.
I was wrong. I was wrong. I was wrong.
Please forgive me, Third Master
Gu Chenxi is my man
It's not something you can bully
From now on
Immediately cancel the cooperation with Ye Haocheng
By the way, I have two more things to announce
OK
First Shen family
Forever stop any economic activities with Ye Haocheng
Third Master Shen is going to ban Ye Haocheng
Even helped China Ye Haochen break the contract
Then Ye Haochen will be finished in the future
Haochen and
Not only is the new one my wife
We got married three days ago
Dawn is our deep
Home has always wanted to actively strive for partners